---
title: 'America: The Story of US'
date: 2021-05-20
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-27/
tags:
  - Documentary
  - culture
  - history
---

Recently, I appreciate an awesome documentary--America: The Story of US, it remains me of something I lost since I decided to go on a PhD trip.

In fact, I know very limited history about USA, only those important historical events in books and several reported from media. But from the documentary, I feel something different from former materials. The American people struggle for their future during Revolutionary War and Civial War, and after the Depression, they get bloomed in World War II in only four years. I see many folk inventors, they like their work and focus on it for years, and they are imaginary about creating new machines, that is where technology raises. They are good at making their dreams into truth.

Another quality that I appreciate about them is that they never give up their right, even though the sacrifice may be blood and death. The Declaration of Independence says: 'everyone is created equal', many revolutionaries happened in USA are related to equality. Black-skin people, females, workers...They are the majority of movement who never compromise for authority and bureaucracy.

I think there is something I once appreciate but now I've lost. During the first two years of PhD, I seldom think about what kind of person I want to be, the only thing I think about is to make something different to the world. But the faith is somewhat hard to preserve, I encountered many problems including socializing with people with different backgrounds, maintaining interpersonal relationship and sometimes even abandoning my goal to be a scientist. Being a scientist sounds crazy to many people I knew, many people think about how to earn more money to buy big houses, get married and then having kids after graduation, but that is not what I am looking for. I know it sounds crazy, but I never want to be like that. I can wait for years, keep struggling for years and never give up until I turn my dream into the truth. : )
